feat(docs): add info on how to configure additional interfaces and DNS names (#198)
someengineering/resoto.com: docs/getting-started/configuring-resoto.md

> workflow run collect_and_cleanup
```

## Make Resoto Core Listen on Multiple Interfaces

For security reasons `resotocore` by default only listens on the loopback interface. This can be changed using the `resotocore.api.web_hosts` option of the `resoto.core` config.

In `resh` enter:

> ```

Author: resh is not bash, let's not use bash syntax highlighting it creates confusing visualization!

> config edit resoto.core
```

```yml title="Make Resoto Core listen on all IPv6 and IPv4 interfaces"
resotocore:
  # API related properties.
  api:
    # TCP host(s) to bind on (default: ['localhost'])
    web_hosts:
      - '::'
      - '0.0.0.0'
    # TCP port to bind on (default: 8900)
    web_port: 8900
[...]
```

Alternatively:

```
> config set resoto.core resotocore.api.web_hosts=["::", "0.0.0.0"]
```

## Add additional DNS names to the Resoto Core TLS certificate

> By default Resoto tries to find all local IP addresses and hostnames and adds them to the subject alternative names (SAN) list of the x509 certificate. If the system you are running Resoto on has additional DNS names you can add them to the SAN list using the `resotocore.api.host_certificate.san_dns_names` option of the `resoto.core` config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resoto attempts to find all local IP addresses and hostnames and add them to the subject alternative names (SAN) list of the x509 certificate. If your system has additional DNS names, you can add them to the SAN list via the `resotocore.api.host_certificate.san_dns_names` option in the `resoto.core` configuration.
```

> In `resh` enter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the following command in [Resoto Shell](../concepts/components/shell.md) to open the relevant configuration for editing:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```bash
````

> config edit resoto.core
```

> ```yml title="Adding additional DNS names to the SAN list"

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```yaml title="Resoto Core configuration with additional DNS names on SAN list"
````

resotocore:
  # API related properties.
  api:
    [...]
    # The certificate configuration for this server.
    host_certificate:
      # The common name of the certificate
      common_name: 'some.engineering'
      # Include loopback in certificate
      include_loopback: true
      # List of DNS names to include in CSR
      san_dns_names:
        - 'some.engineering'
        - 'resoto.some.engineering'
        - '*.some.engineering'
      # List of IP addresses to include in CSR
      san_ip_addresses: []

> [...]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [...]
```
